what makes you think that I'm a good person Blair
I don't I think you're a compulsive cheater
with commitment issues and no sense of responsibility
and you just asked to marry you
but you are the biggest pain in Jack's ass
and you guys have been enemies since forever
yeah he's had a crush on me
since
I won student body president over him in high school
but I don't get it what is this revenge
what did he do to you
I thought you'd be more interested in what you
get out of all this
I never knew you were so calculative
I wasn't before and it cost me
listen I can help you get to where you wanna be
let me just imagine me by your side instead of jacks
it all sounds very rosy Miss Rose
but I don't trust you yet
maybe I would think that you actually wanna marry me
and that you like me as a person if you
if you gave me a little kiss
I've never kissed anyone before besides Jack
clock stick
fine just stupid kiss on the cheek
oh my God
alright look
look maybe uh
maybe Abby was right maybe you have a concussion here
for your medical costs
and whatever car you decide to buy
to replace this thing
alright that's my cue
I'll leave I'll be in touch
I'm sorry I hit you guys and I'm glad you're alive
you fuck boy get away from my innocent player
I can't believe he did that to you
knows what kind of disease
I'm okay I'm doing okay
and everything is gonna be okay this time
okay
you definitely hit your head
do you think the car will still drive
I need to go home and
tell my parents that I'm marrying someone else